Add note on Rust version requirement (#49)
tokio-rs/async-stream: async-stream/README.md

[`Stream`]: https://docs.rs/futures-core/*/futures_core/stream/trait.Stream.html

## Supported Rust Versions

> `async-stream` is built against the latest stable release. The minimum supported version is 1.45 due to [function-like procedural macros.. in expression, pattern, and statement positions](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/blob/master/RELEASES.md#version-1450-2020-07-16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`async-stream` is built against the latest stable release. The minimum supported version is 1.45 due to [function-like procedural macros in expression, pattern, and statement positions](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2020/07/16/Rust-1.45.0.html#stabilizing-function-like-procedural-macros-in-expressions-patterns-and-statements).
```

nit: Probably better to link to the release blog
